This project is a single file Hello World Dagger-2 Maven
project for Java 8 and 9.  The idea was to demonstrate the minimal amount of work
required as the official documentation is targetted towards more
experienced programmers, in other words _not_ a tutorial.

A quick summary of Main.java:

1. The `@Module` part contains `@Provides` methods that Dagger can
invoke to get what it needs.  These methods can take arguments (but
doesn't in this example) which Dagger recursively does the same with
to satisfy.  If the constructor of a class is properly annotated with
`@Inject` Dagger can invoke the constructor directly without a
Provider.  

1. The `@Component` part describes the actual interface Dagger is to
provide a functional instance of, as well as the modules that Dagger
should use to do so.  Modules not indicated here, are not considered.

1. The `main(...)` method invokes the source automatically generated
by Dagger during compilation to get a component where the methods
return objects created by Dagger.  The `helloWorld()` method is invoked to
get a `HelloWorld` object, where the `getMessage()` method returns 
"Hello World".

Dagger 2 can do much more than this.  The real advantage compared to Guice,
Weld and others are that this happens at compile-time instead of run-time so
the compiler can help you!

Tested with Intellij 2017 (File -> Open), Eclipse 4.6.3 (File->
Import... -> Maven -> Existing Maven Projects ; Eclipse _must_ have
annotation processing enabled - see below) and Netbeans 8.2 on Ubuntu
17.04.

If the Dagger classes are not automatically generated by the IDE when
opened (happens with older versions of IntelliJ and Eclipse without
m2e-apt enabled), run

    mvn clean package

To run from the command line:

    mvn -q exec:java

Note: Eclipse requires enabling annotation processor support installed
and enabled!  The m2e-apt plugin can be downloaded from the Eclipse
Marketplace or https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/m2e-apt (which
also has configuration instructions).  Ensure that Preferences ->
Maven -> Annotation Processing is set to "Automatically configure JDT
APT" or this will not work.


